♪♪
Rachel: What do you desire?
Honor and pride?
♪♪
Power and influence?
Money and riches?
Revenge?
Or...
to transcend
all such things?
Headon: For what reason
do you risk your life
to climb the tower?
♪♪
Bam: I...
Headon: Whatever you desire,
you will find it here.
Welcome to the Tower of God.
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
Climb the tower
and everything will be yours.
Rachel: At the top exists
everything in this world,
and all of it can be yours.
You can become a god.
This is the story of Rachel,
the girl who climbed the tower
so she could see the stars,
and Bam, the boy
who needed nothing...
except her.
This is their end...
and their beginning.
♪ I see it clear, the stairway
reaching up to the sky ♪
♪ It seems so far away now ♪
♪ I'm wondering if I'll ever get
all the way to the end ♪
♪ But it's a risk I gotta take ♪
♪ I'll keep on running
all day and night ♪
♪ 'Cause even if it kills me ♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up
until I see the light ♪
♪ I go ♪
♪ Tell me something, how much
higher can we go from here ♪
♪ We're changing the game ♪
♪ And they all wanna know if
this is only a phase ♪
♪ Don't have the answer
but we keep on climbing ♪
♪ Breaking boundaries
and setting the pace ♪
♪ And we ain't never gonna stop
until the world's our stage ♪
♪ Yeah, you might say
that it's impossible ♪
♪ Stronger together,
we'll turn into probable ♪
♪ And in the darkest shadows
we'll be shining, unh ♪
♪ So hold on tight 'cause we KO
every single fight ♪
♪ I see it clear, the stairway
reaching up to the sky ♪
♪ It seems so far away now ♪
♪ I'm wondering if I'll ever get
all the way to the end ♪
♪ But it's a risk I gotta take ♪
♪ I'll keep on running
all day and night ♪
♪ 'Cause even if it kills me ♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up
until I see the light ♪
♪ I go ♪
♪ No turning back ♪
♪ Come on ♪
♪♪
♪ I'm not gonna fall ♪
♪ I'll rise 'till
I reach the sky ♪
♪ Go up ♪
♪♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up
until I see the light ♪
♪ I go ♪
[ Bird screeches ]
♪♪
[ Rapid footsteps, panting ]
[ Panting ]
Rachel: I'm sorry, Bam.
[ Panting ] Rachel!
Just wait!
[ Gasps ]
[ Both grunt ]
[ Breathing heavily ]
♪♪
Forget about me, please.
No!
♪♪
Forgive me, Bam.
You know I have to
climb the tower.
[ Gasps ]
Don't leave me!
Don't go!
Just pray for me.
Pray that I'll be reborn.
♪♪
Rachel!
[ Sobbing ]
♪♪
Voice: The answer
can always be found
at the top of the tower.
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
What is this place?
A place where
all visitors are welcome.
[ Gasps ]
[ Footsteps approaching ]
♪♪
I am Headon...
[ Gasping ]
...the caretaker
of this tower.
[ Shouts ]
Tower?
Mm.
This is it? Really?
It's a pleasure to meet you,
my dear Master Bam.
[ Gasps ]
Wait a minute.
How do you know my name?
You saw Rachel?!
[ Chuckles ]
You talked with her?
I followed her here.
I was trying to get
to th--
The answer can always be found
at the top of the tower.
At the top?
[ Gasps ]
Top of the tower.
She went up there.
Will you take the test?
The one required
to climb the tower.
What kind of test?
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
The rules are simple.
You will enter the cage.
If you break the ball
while avoiding
the White Steel Eel,
you pass the test.
Will you take it?
If you wish to turn back,
now is the time.
The tower is dangerous.
For someone like you,
death is...
[ Bam panting ]
Mm?
Marvelous.
[ Gasps ]
Mm.
[ Stammers ]
[ Speaking foreign language ]
[ Gasps ]
[ Shouting
in foreign language ]
[ Gasping ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Electricity zapping ]
You understand us
now, right?
Uh, yeah.
That high quality pocket's
too good for you.
You don't deserve it.
Pocket?
It's not just a translator,
it's also our lifeline
in the tower.
Face toward it and then
say, "invisible mode."
Um, invisible mode.
[ Gasps ]
Don't look so shocked.
By the way, if you say
"visible mode,"
it'll revert to --
I knew you were
an irregular
right off the bat.
I'm not sure I know
what an irregular --
They're outsiders
who manage to enter the tower
by opening the gates
on their own.
Whatever.
But you look kind of weak
to be an irregular.
-I don't get it.
Why are we getting involved
with an irregular, anyway?
Are you trying to say
that you could care less
if the White Steel Eel
turns him into sushi
for breakfast?
Headon: You may be
Yuri, Princess of Jahad,
but if the king
were to learn of this,
you would be executed.
Am I wrong?
[ Gasps ]
That's only if you blab
to the king.
-Lady Yuri!
-I devote myself
to maintaining order
in the tower
and ensuring
the royal family's prosperity.
Therefore, I am simply
doing my job.
Hm.
[ Sighs ]
Then why give him
an unfair test?
Even the guys on the 20th floor
have trouble
dealing with that oversized eel
in the stainless steel tux.
Unfair?
May I respectfully remind you
that he's an irregular?
As a guide, do you sense any
hidden powers within him?
Could there be any chance
he'll suddenly transform?
I have to admit,
he seems fairly agile.
There!
Even Evan says so.
Although you'll also
have to admit
how puny and frail
he looks.
[ Chuckles ]
But if you put my back
against a wall...
I'd admit he's a bit
handsome.
Headon, couldn't you drop
the level of his test
a teensy weensy bit,
just this one time?
I am caretaker
of the tower.
It is necessary to determine
if he is worthy of it.
Yes, but --
I'll be okay.
-What?!
-I don't know who you are.
but I appreciate
your consideration.
Yuri: You don't even recognize
a Princess of Jahad.
You're actually going to try
to climb the tower
when you're that ignorant?
Are you trying to die?
It's a lot better
than just giving up, isn't it?
Mm.
If you're so determined
to have him
climb the tower,
Princess Yuri,
then why not lend him
the Black March?
[ Scoffs ]
Depending on who wields it,
as I'm sure you are aware,
the legendary sword
of Jahad
can be a lump of lead or a blade
that cuts through anything.
Hold on there!
Only a princess of Jahad
can wield
the Black March!
Do you have an inkling
of what'd happen
if word got out
that another wielded its --
Arms inventory.
Visible mode activated.
Lady Yuri!
You're not --
♪♪
Listen to me.
I'm going to let you
borrow this for now.
Lady Yuri!
But that's
an amazing sword.
That's right, but do you want
to climb the tower or not?
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
[ Sighs deeply ]
I can't believe
you really let him
borrow the sword.
You're the one who told me
to give it to him!
I promise to give it back
after I break the ball.
[ Sighs ]
First, worry about
staying alive,
then think about the rest,
alright?
Got it.
Lady Yuri, honestly...
have you fallen in love with him
at first sight?
[ Yelps ]
[ Bones crunch ]
Aah!
Keep quiet.
You don't truly believe an
irregular will change the tower.
That's absurd.
Don't be stupid.
You know how much I detest
being bored.
Come on,
that's all this is.
♪♪
The truth is, there's only
one way to pass this test.
Mm.
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
What?!
That idiot!
What's he doing?!
Headon: If you provide
any more assistance,
he will fail.
Do you want me
to just watch him die?
Oh, no!
It is the path he chose.
Get out of my way.
That's not quite the proper way
to address me.
Shut up! You may be
the caretaker, but --
Wait, Lady Yuri!
Stop!
Let go!
The kid did
the right thing!
Huh?
He did the what?
It's impossible to escape
from the White Steel Eel.
So rather than flee, you have
no choice but to face it
and leap into its mouth.
Huh?!
♪♪
[ Grunts ]
Overcoming the fear
of death
is the true answer
to this test.
He entered its mouth knowing
he would have stabbed the eel?
If you already knew
the answer,
why didn't you
just simply tell him?!
Even if someone
already knows the answer,
they usually aren't
able to do anything
so apparently ridiculous.
That boy...
he has something even stronger
than the fear of death.
He has something that
allowed him to face that fear
and conquer it forever.
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
What the...?!
Headon!
[ Chuckles ]
The real test
hasn't even begun yet.
What's going on?
Why hasn't he
destroyed the ball?
I'm afraid
I can't answer that.
What? What are you
planning now, Caretaker?
[ Bam grunts, metal scrapes ]
Break!
[ Grunting ]
[ Rocks rumble, Bam shouts ]
Break.
[ Echoing ] Break!
[ Rocks crashing ]
♪♪
What are you...what are you
doing down there?
[ Gasps ]
Wait!
I'm coming for you.
I see.
So you don't remember
anything?
I guess...
that must be scary.
But now it's okay.
You don't have to worry.
I'm here with you.
Break!
I want to see the stars.
Stars?
At the top of the tower,
here's a thing
called the sky.
It stretches out
forever and ever.
They say it's full of countless
beautiful shining stars.
Bam: Then they must be
just like you.
[ Gasps ]
And where did you learn
to say something like that?
[ Gasps, laughs ]
Break!
Bam, I'm just so tired.
Sick and tired of being
in this dark world.
Break!
Rachel, don't leave me.
Just breaaak!
It appears he was
a bit too loud.
That's not good.
Run, newbie! Run!
[ Roars ]
Yuri: Run!
Hurry! Run!
Hey, newbie!
Listen, you have to
talk to the Black March!
Ask it for
its power -- now!
[ Gasps ]
Evan, are you out
of your mind or what?!
That sword won't listen
to my --
Do what I tell you,
right now!
Grant me your strength!
I don't...
Hmm.
♪♪
Black March: Boy.
You search for the strength
with which to climb the tower?
Bam: No, actually.
Hm?
I'm not interested
in climbing it.
But I beg you,
please grant me your strength
so that I may see Rachel
one more time.
[ Chuckles ]
Such a boring boy.
But...
Since you have
such a divine face,
I shall grant it,
just this once.
She's not...
Hey!
She never granted me
her strength,
no matter
how many times I asked.
Maybe she just prefers men?
Correct.
So now it's time
for you to go, woman.
Hmph!
So the legend of the tower
is real after all.
It's not fair.
I won't accept it!
♪♪
What the hell?
[ Roars ]
[ Rumbling ]
What?
What happened just now?
You mean
you don't know?
He has ascended
to the next level.
Okay, fine, terrific.
So now what?!
He still has the Black March,
and that's not good.
What are we
supposed to do?
We just have to get it back,
that's all.
Huh?
We're going after him.
Whoa, whoa.
Hang on a second.
We're forbidden
from entering
the testing grounds
for climbing the tower!
Get moving! A life where nothing
interesting ever happens
isn't worth a shit.
[ Groans ]
Well, Guide?
What are you
standing around for?
Hey! Wait!
[ Muttering ]
She's the most stubborn...
Headon: What a fascinating
gathering this has been.
♪♪
I look forward to seeing
what happens next.
Very intriguing.
Black March: Even if
the two of you are reunited,
things will never be
exactly as they once were.
When you meet her again,
she will have lived
for some time without you.
But first, sleep.
The road ahead
is fraught with danger.
♪♪
[ Wind rushing ]
[ Groans ]
♪♪
[ Coughing ]
-Uh...testing?
-Huh?
Testing, 1, 2, 3.
Testing.
Hello, regulars,
and welcome to
the second floor of the tower.
This testing floor
will determine
which of you are worthy
of climbing
the rest of the tower.
And now let's get
the first test started.
The rules are quite simple.
In total, there are
400 of you regulars here.
Please reduce that number
to 200 --
within the allotted time frame,
of course.
You may use
whatever methods you wish.
Please keep in mind
that the moment
only 200 regulars
remain standing,
the test will come to an end.
Also, remember that
on your pocket,
you can check
the number of regulars standing
and the time remaining
on the test.
So, good luck, everyone!
[ Click ]
[ Leaves rustling ]
♪♪
[ Grunts ]
[ Panting ]
♪♪
Hey!
Come here, you!
[ Both grunting ]
There's no point
in running.
[ Panting ]
Please help me.
Somebody!
Begging for your life?
How impuden--
[ Groans ]
[ Leaves rustling ]
[ Grunting ]
[ Chuckles ]
[ Gunshot ]
[ Shell clatters ]
[ Panting ]
-You're in my way.
-[ Screams ]
Bam: In order to make it
to the next floor,
I have to survive somehow.
[ Clangs ]
[ Growls ]
And just why are you trying
to kill me?
Survival's the only way
to win.
These are the rules of the test,
you stupid fool.
I see. The inferior mind
so easily allows itself
to be manipulated
and controlled.
In order to survive...
[ Panting ]
...to climb the tower...
...I have no choice.
♪♪
That was a mistake.
This is
the hunter's position.
Don't give me
that crap!
Aah!
Aaaah!
How about
I toss you away, too?
Ugh! Damn it!
You'll pay for this!
Now, where is
the good prey?
Hm!
What is it I sense?
That lizard.
No. That weapon.
Hmm.
Another formidable
presence.
That weapon!
Now it's mine!
I have to do this.
I have to.
-Don't bother.
-[ Gasps ]
The way your knees
are shaking,
I doubt you could catch
a rabbit in a cage.
[ Gasps ]
Maybe you'd be better off
pointing that sword
at that guy over there.
♪♪
[ Shaky breaths ]
♪ Where you going?
It's hard to keep up ♪
♪ You're moving so fast
leaving me behind ♪
♪ Give me an hour,
that's all I need ♪
♪ It's now or never,
I'm running out of time ♪
♪ The seconds are relentless,
I'm helpless ♪
♪ As they keep flying by,
stuck here in the desert ♪
♪ I feel like I'm in an
hourglass, maybe I can stay ♪
♪ And be comfortable
living in the past ♪
♪ But I don't wanna be alone,
so can you take me to you now? ♪
♪ Too fast, I try to follow,
but I'm losing hope ♪
♪ We used to walk together
down this winding road ♪
♪ But you're so far ahead ♪
♪ It seems impossible
to catch up ♪
♪ And now I'm walking on my way,
all alone ♪
♪ Feeling so cold,
not getting anywhere ♪
♪ I feel like I'm in slow mode,
used to be a winner ♪
♪ Everything was
all black and white ♪
♪ Now I'm bottom of the pile,
a dusty photo ♪
♪ I'm afraid I'm gonna be left
stranded by myself ♪
♪ All the foolish dreams I had
inside of me are broken ♪
♪ Everything I wanted in
the distance out of reach ♪
♪ Am I the only one that's gonna
stay forgetting? ♪
♪ Ay ♪
♪♪